Anyway.
Since I have promised you
You will never regret it
Besides, I'm marrying you
Not only for me
It's a harmless good thing for the Zhao family
From Now On
The Zhao family will have no worries in this life
More likely to be born in a wealthy family
The engagement ceremony
The engagement ceremony went ahead as usual
But I have one request.
That's when
I need all the top people in Beihai to be there
I want them to see
How happy I am, Zhao Muyan
I promise.
Quickly summon the four swordsmen to rush to Fengcheng
The four swordsmen have unparalleled combat power
Each person can be worth a thousand troops
You let them all rush to Beihai
It will definitely alarm the history of the next emperor
You can't pass that much, just do it
Offend
What exactly happened?
Grab you for taking such a risk
Let me finish